Document how to set up areas (#167)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/services/overworld/set-up-minigames.md

6. Set the `Is Trigger` flag at the `Box Collider 2D` component  
![Trigger flag](assets/minigame-trigger-flag.webp)

## How to set up a minigame

Provide the required data for the minigame at the `Minigame` component  
![Script component](assets/minigame-script-component.webp)

1. `World`: The index of the world the minigame is in  
2. `Dungeon`: The index of the dungeon the minigame is in, `0` if it is in a world
3. `Number`: The index of the minigame in its area (a consecutive number starting from `1`)

You also need to set up the `Animator` component. To do that, select the `Minigame` controller located at `Assets/Animations/MinigameSpot` as the `Controller` attribute.  
![Animator component](assets/minigame-animator-component.webp)  
![Animator selection](assets/minigame-animator-selection.webp)

## Prefab

You can also speed up that process by using the provided prefab, located at `Assets/Prefabs/Minigames`.  
![Prefab](assets/minigame-prefab.webp)  
Simply drag an drop the `Minigame` object into the scene hierarchy as a child of the `Minigames` game object.
You can then skip steps `2`, `3`, `5` and `6` as well as setting up the `Animator` component.

> ## Disclaimer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Lecturer Interface

Once you have added all minigames you want to add, do not forget to update the maps for the lecturer interface by pushing a new commit changing the specific image in <https://github.com/Gamify-IT/docs/tree/main/user-manuals/maps>.  
You should also update the line `mapCommitHash: …` in the [lecturer interface config file](https://github.com/Gamify-IT/lecturer-interface/blob/main/src/config.ts) with the new SHA.

## Disclaimer
```

> If you add a minigame, you have to check whether the `Number` attribute is greater than the maximum amount of minigames specified. If that is the case, you need to change the `maxMinigames` attribute of the `GameSettings` script located at `Assets/Scripts/GameManager`.  
> ![Prefabs](assets/minigame-game-settings.webp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only add minigames to an area when you have less than `maxMinigames` (script `GameSettings` located at `Assets/Scripts/GameManager`) in this area.  
![Prefabs](assets/minigame-game-settings.webp)
Everything above will not be configurable from the backend.
```
